I had to sign on during my OOO to share this delicious cocktail :cocktail: made with Star Anise and Green Cardamom!
2 oz Rye Whiskey
1 oz Infused Maple Syrup (Canadian Maple Syrup, Star Anise, Ginger, Green Cardamom, Cinnamon, Clove, Pink Peppercorn)
3/4 oz Lemon Juice
lemon slice and star anise for garnish

Received matcha and star anise from my secret santa, so I made what I am calling "The Grinch".
Recipe:
2 oz rye whiskey
1/2 oz star anise infused maple syrup
1/2 oz lime juice
1/4 tsp of matcha powder
splash of ginger beer

I received some Pandan Leaf from my Secret Santa, a flavor I became accustomed to during my stint in Singapore as a child! Pandan provides a soft, nutty flavor with hints of vanilla and coconut, and I ultimately turned it into a syrup.
For my drink, I ended up recreating L’Alligator C’Est Vert, a drink by Nico de Soto the owner of Mace in NYC. I didn’t have any absinthe, so I subbed some Hendricks Gin in its place. Magnifique!
1 ounce Pernod absinthe (I used gin instead)
1 ounce coconut milk
1 ounce pandan syrup*
1 whole egg (I used just the egg white)
Garnish: grated nutmeg and literally a piece of my Christmas tree

This will be a hard one because I’m not sure who my Secret Santa is! I only received one package so far, I thought my super may have taken the other one :face_with_rolling_eyes:. I’m not really a drinker at all, and not really a fan of mocktails either lol, so I made an anti inflammation smoothie with the ingredient I received from my Secret Santa (Thai Chilli dried whole).
Handful of frozen mangos
Handful of frozen strawberries
Small amount of chia seeds
A tiny amount of apple juice
A hint of ginger kombucha 
Cut open the Thai chillis and sprinkle the flakes in the smoothie
A table spoon of Bonne Maman four fruits preserves so that your blender doesn’t get jammed up (from the frozen fruits). Also gives it a nice not too sweet taste.

My Secret Santa sent me toasted nori snacks, which I already knew I love, and White Rabbit matcha creamy candy, which I now know I love. Despite the fact that both are exported from Korea I have made a
Tea Ceremony
2 oz (60 ml) gin
1 oz (30 ml) matcha candy syrup (see below)
1/4 oz (7 ml) orange juice (that’s 2 wedges to Lucy)
1/4 oz (7 ml) eau de vie, based on the season
	Winter - Poire Williams
	Spring - kirschwasser
	Summer - framboise
	Fall - apricot, mirabelle, or slivovitza
1 sheet toasted nori snack
Creamy matcha candy syrup
19 pieces (100 g) White Rabbit matcha creamy candy
7 oz (200 ml)
Bring water and candy to the boil.
Stir with bamboo whisk or chopsticks until dissolved.
Strain into heatproof container.
To make the cocktail:
In a mixing glass combine orange juice, matcha syrup, and gin.
Fill the glass with ice and stir for 20 seconds in a zig zag or W pattern or back and forth.
Strain into a chilled martini glass.
Hold a bar spoon against the edge of the glass and pour the eu de vie over the back of the spoon to create a floater.
Rest nori strip across the rim of the glass and the glass on a cocktail napkin.
To drink
To drink, remove the nori and consume it in one bite. Lift the glass by the stem with your right hand and place the base on your left palm. With your right hand, turn it clockwise 90 degrees. Drink the cocktail in a few sips and place it back onto the napkin. Bow and express gratitude after finishing your cocktail.


Ladies and gentlemen I give you the Rambutan Soixante-Quinze. A riff on the French 75 cocktail, using Rambutans from my Secret Santa. I used to buy lychees on a branch from street vendors in Hong Hong back in the day, but was less familiar with its richer cousin the Rambutan. It would be cool to make this cocktail using some fresh Rambutan to create a gnarly garnish, but... these are difficult times ;-)
Ingredients:
3 oz of gin
6 Rambutans from a tin
6 tablespoons of Rambutan juice/syrup (whatever is in the tin)
Healthy splash of homemade lime cordial (you have this of course)
3 drops Bitters
Your favorite sparkling wine to top off the glass
Preparation
Muddle the Rambutans with their juice in a cocktail shaker
Add the gin, lime cordial and bitters with some ice, then shake
Strain the mix between two champagne flutes and top off with your sparkling wine.
For bonus points slice some strips of Rambutan and spear with a cocktail stick for a garnish.


I received three ingredients and a challenge. The ingredients are dried ginger (the moist sort, not ground), Chinese Honey Syrup, and Nanami Togarashi (Japanese 7-spice powder.) The challenge? "I have a special cocktail/medication in mind based on these ingredients. Can you guess or make your own?"  So Santa was toying with me.  Not so fast, Santa Baby!  The medication is Penicillin, but there's no Scotch in the house, and besides, we need an anti-viral.  And so, the Vaccine: 2 oz bourbon, 3/4 oz fresh-squeezed lemon juice, 3/4 oz of honey-ginger syrup, and 1/2 oz of Togarashi syrup (or to taste).  Rim half the glass with Togarashi & Salt so the drinker can choose a level of spiciness.


Behold! My ingredient arrived last night: ground tumeric! I hadn’t worked with tumeric before so did a little research and wound up making what I’ll be calling The Marcusrita! (if you know, you know.)
The rim is one part ground tumeric, one part chili powder, three parts course salt.
The cocktail itself is equal parts (for my drink this was 1oz each) tequila, triple sec, simple syrup and then I used 2 oz fresh squeezed orange juice. Shake well and pour over more ice.
For the simple syrup I did 1/2 cup sugar 1/2 cup water and 1/2 Tbsp tumeric.
This was not bad! The tumeric adds a nice smokey quality but I miss the zing that lime gives a margarita over orange, so if I went back I’d probably experiment with a more bitter orange (blood orange?) and I think a jalapeno infused tequila would be a great add to this. I’m also not huge on sweetness so I’d maybe keep the OJ to 1 oz and use less sugar in the simple syrup.
My immune system is feeling BEEFY!
EDIT: for those looking back to make cocktails - I remade later on with equal parts orange and lime juice to very satisfying results. 



My secret ingredient was dark miso paste. I’ve seen it used in many broth recipes but I never actually used it before so besides this cocktail, I’m looking forward to making some tasty soups this winter.
Never using this ingredient before, I did some research and settled on a low-ABV spin on a Dark ’n Stormy. Fun fact, a Dark ’n Stormy was the cocktail Glenn mixed for me when I met him for the first time back during his Louis 649 days.
Cocktail Recipe:
2 ounces sweet potato based shochu
1 ounce miso syrup*
3/4 ounce yuzu juice
Topped with Club soda
3/4 ounce Cynar, to float
Syrup Recipe:
1 cup water
1 cup sugar
1/4 cup miso paste


For my Secret Santa ingredient, I got a bottle of Midori: a Japanese melon liqueur. For my drink, I made my own take on a Midori Splice! The name comes from an Australian brand of ice cream that's known to have a creamy, yet fruity, flavor. The drink turned out great, with the coconut and melon flavors pairing well with each other. It was pretty sweet, so next time I might add a little more vodka for some extra kick.
I'm really not sure who my secret santa could be, so I'll just take a shot in the dark:  @albert?
Ingredients:
1 oz Midori
0.5 oz vodka
3 oz pineapple juice
1 oz coconut milk
1 bar of Melona ice cream
Prep:
Pour Midori, vodka, and pineapple juice into an ice-filled shaker and shake
Strain into a glass half-filled with ice
Place the bar of Melona ice cream into the glass
Float the coconut milk on top


For my Secret Santa ingredients, I got canned Lychee and Shiso, a Japanese mint. Since one is sweet and the other savory, I decided to make an Asian inspired Smoked Old Fashioned. It turned out good but next time I would steep the dried mint leaves longer in my simple syrup for a stronger presence. 
I am going to guess my Secret Santa is Ed Connery.
Ingredients:
·        2 oz Bourbon
·        1 tbs. simple syrup (recipe below): double if you like it sweeter
·        1 tbs. lychee syrup
Prep:
·        Make simple syrup. Boil one cup sugar and one cup water until sugar has dissolved. Take off the heat and add the mint. Let steep for 10 minutes. Let cool.
·        Smoke the glass (or you can choose to do a regular old fashioned without the smoke). Then add ice.
·        Mix all ingredients and pour over ice.
·        Garnish with Lychee.




I'll add to the Secret Santa sharing! I am not really a cocktail drinker, and so I used my ingredient, Kaffir lime leaves, in a spritzer of sorts. It was lovely!
Thai Basil Spritzer
1 cup water
1/2 cup sugar
Fresh Ginger
Thai Basil
Kaffir lime leaves (mine were dried)
3 cups Prosecco
Lime wedges
Step 1
Combine 1 cup water and sugar in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil; cook 1 minute. Remove from heat. Stir in ginger, 2 Thai basil stems (reserving leaves), and kaffir lime leaves. Cover sugar mixture; let stand 10 minutes. Strain over a bowl; discard solids.
Step 2
Place 1/2 cup crushed ice in each of 6 glasses. Add reserved basil leaves to each glass; stir gently to bruise leaves. Add 2 tablespoons sugar mixture, 1/2 cup prosecco, and 1 lime wedge to each glass. Stir gently; serve immediately. Reserve remaining sugar mixture for another use.
I think I'd use this more as a summertime ingredient but I did add some cloves to this for add'l spice and that made it festive! 


I'm delighted to share my ingredient from my Secret Santa—  Shiso Simple Syrup! 
I had never had Shiso until this weekend so here are some fun facts:
It is commonly used in Japanese cooking.
Some people say the taste reminds them of mint, but those people lack imagination and it's clearly the taste of a dewy meadow in the low Himalayas.
Has anti-inflammatory properties!
Might be magical.
The flavor of shiso is so delicious and unique. Last night, I made a Shiso Martini, which included lemon, shiso simple syrup and vodka over ice!


My Secret Santa sent me Sansyo Pepper and this delightful Calpico Soda.
I started by making a simple syrup with the pepper and some vanilla sugar.
The recipe:
2oz Mezcal
.5 oz of Sansyo Pepper & Vanilla Simple Syrup
Pour in Calpico Soda
Garnish with a sprinkling of Sansyo Pepper.
I'm a big fan of using my Captain Marvel tiki whenever possible, but I'm pretty sure this would be delicious with a salt rim a la margarita style.


Scrooge approves! An umeboshi margarita that combines the best of pickled, salty, and sweet.
I was gifted umeboshi paste (salty pickled plum) from my Secret Santa. I tried soooo many cocktails (12) trying to blend this awesome flavor into a drink.
And then it happened. The slightly smoky Código 1530 tequila balanced so nicely with the umeboshi. ¡Viva México!
Without further ado, the "Visited By Three Ghosts (Salty, Sweet, & Sour)" Margarita:
2 oz blanco tequila
3/4 oz lime juice
1/2 oz orange liqueur
1/2 umeboshi simple syrup*
Sugar rim
Lime
Moisten rim of glass with lime juice and dip in sugar. Set aside. Add ingredients to a cocktail shaker. Fill with ice and shake. Strain into glass and add lime wedge.



Well, I didn’t think I’d even be able to make a cocktail because of being sick, but thankfully I’m feeling much better, my quarantine period is over, and I was able to go out this evening and gather some supplies! Thanks to my Secret Santa I got a wonderful, very authentic-seeming soy sauce as well as some absolutely beautiful chopsticks!
I’ll admit that I immediately googled cocktails with soy sauce and 98% of the recipes out there are for Bloody Mary’s which I’m unfortunately not a fan of. The other 2% were absolutely disgusting sounding cocktails. Somehow, after a week of thinking on it, I came up with The Chocolate SOYY and I must say, I’m quite proud of myself. It’s actually quite delicious.
I also ordered sushi to eat with the soy sauce AND paired it with a glass of this amazing red wine from Absentee Winery! Both absolutely wonderful (@LindaI got the wine from Krog). :slightly_smiling_face: 
Zero idea who my Secret Santa might be so I’m going to guess 2 basically at random: @Larry Lee and @Rachel Smith
The Chocolate SOYY (aka: The Chocolate Soy Orange Yin and Yang)
- 1 oz Vodka
- 1 oz Godiva Chocolate Liquor 
- 1/2 oz Triple Sec
- 1/2 oz Soy Ginger Simple Syrup*
- Garnish: chopsticks and one chocolate dipped orange slice sprinkled with sea salt
Directions: Add all ingredients to a cocktail shaker with ice cubes. Shake vigorously then pour into a martini glass. Place chopsticks on glass and place chocolate dipped orange slice on top. Serve. 
Soy Ginger Simple Syrup
- 1/2 cup sugar
- 1/2 cup water
- 1 Tbsp soy sauce
- 1.5 tsp minced ginger
Directions: Simmer water, sugar, and soy sauce on medium heat while stirring constantly until sugar dissolves. Add ginger and stir. Bring to a slight boil then reduce heat and simmer for 15 minutes. Remove from heat and let steep while covered for 40 minutes or until flavors develop. Strain if using fresh ginger and let cool completely.


My entry is the Ume Too! Cocktail. 
My Secret Santa ingredient was a bottle of ume-su pickled plum juice. Super tart! Plums pair with other stone fruits, nuts and whiskey. So in this instance, I used a double rye whiskey for this concoction along with egg white to offset the flavor bomb ingredient.
UME TOO! COCKTAIL
INGREDIENTS 
2 oz Basil Hayden Double Rye Whiskey
1/2 oz Fresh Lemon Juice 
1/2 oz Plum Syrup*
Dash of Bitters
Half an Egg White
INSTRUCTIONS
Combine all the ingredients into your cocktail shaker
Dry shake (without ice)
Add ice and shake a second time
Strain into a chilled cocktail glass
Dash of Bitters
PLUM SYRUP INGREDIENTS
1 cup sugar
1 cup water
1 cup ume -su pickled plum juice
PLUM SIMPLE SYRUP DIRECTIONS
Combine sugar, water, and plum juice in a small saucepan
Bring to a boil, and then simmer until sugar is dissolved
Taste occasionally to ensure sufficient flavor emulsion
Let cool, and store in a cool place



Hi all! After years of fancy bartending I really like the very simple cocktails the most and one of my favorite recent discoveries is a Chu-Hai, a shochu highball, often made with fresh juices. I like it so much I wrote an article about it while I was at Skurnik: The Chu-Hai:… 
With that theme in mind!
Fast Times at Sudachi Hai (title by @glenn)
3/4 oz honey syrup
1 oz oz fresh grapefruit juice
3/4 oz fresh Sudachi juice (very sour!)
2 ounces Von Winning dry Reisling (or whatever you have honestly!)
Top with soda
Salt dehydrated Asian pear rim
Method:
Salted pear half of your highball glass (I like the option of salt/no salt sip to sip)
Fill with ice 
Build in glass and enjoy


I feel so spoiled by my Secret Santa! They included a fun & challenging variety of ingredients & I'm excited to keep experimenting :hugging_face:
I chose to go with two ingredients: wasabi peas and honey citron tea (a Korean tea used for many medicinal purposes, it reminds me an orange marmalade but with much more of a robust flavor, a tad floral, too). I'm sure there are other SFers who celebrate the holiday season atypically; I've skipped the travel and the family and the pressure for the past ~decade and instead have low-key and lovey Queersmas-es.
In honor of the queer fam and all the beautifully day-boozy holidays, I'm dedicated this cocktail to y'all -- The Drunk Guncle!
It's a riff on a marg (my favorite day cocktail of choice):
3oz tequila
1 TBSP honey citron tea
Juice of 1 lemon
Juice of 1/2 lime
Wildflower honey simple syrup (easy peasy - just heat the honey and water 1:1 and reduce a bit to make it easier to mix)
10ish wasabi peas, crushed
1 TSP Tajin (a spice blend of chilis, lime, sea salt)
Combine ice, tequila, honey citron tea, juices, and the wildflower honey simple in a cocktail shaker and get 'er nice and shaken up.
I put the wasabi peas in a ziplock bag and used a rolling pin to crush it into lil bits. Mix with the Tajin.
Use either a lime or lemon wedge to dampen your glass' rim and dip in your spicy lil mixture
Pour that cocktail in the glass and get to drinkin' :dancers:
(Glossary: "guncle" is a term of endearment for gay uncles; typical connotation refers to a queer sibling who shows up to nephew/niece functions and is the "fun, crazy one" while watching the lil ones since the parents are exhausted...fair! Because my go-to activities with nieces and nephews are building stuff and other more "masculine" hobbies, my friends and fam lovingly refer to me as Guncle Jamie.)



Loving my ingredient, a syrup made from yuzu and a hiiiint of bitter orange!  Like others before me here, during the hectic times I like the simple combinations of spirit, citrus, and syrup. So I went with a Yuzu Fizz!  amped up with a couple extra ingredients for balance
2 oz gin
1.5 oz Yuzu no Megumi
1 oz lime juice
1 oz simple syrup
1 egg white
4 dashes grapefruit bitters
Shake all ingredients without ice to form a nice foamy mixture. Add ice for a couple shakes to chill. Strain into a coupe.  Top with grapefruit bitters.




+1 for citrus / spirits / simplicity @alex! I’m extremely unlearned in the World of cocktails, but for my secret :santa: cocktail I made a variation of a drink I have daily, which is seltzer + a splash of fresh-squeezed Valencia orange juice. For the cocktail version, I also added some lemon juice to balance the added body/sweetness of the sake, and a small basil leaf to give it an extra aroma dynamic.
2 oz sake
1.5 oz seltzer
1/8 oz lemon juice
1 oz valencia orange juice
small basil leaf rubbed to release aroma
I was very excited to get a hand-delivered bottle of Yokaichi Mugi sake made from barley. I suspect my secret santa knows I typically like beverages made with barley, but it could also be someone who knows sake well :thinking_face: I also really enjoyed trying the sake straight to learn what sake tastes like- especially from barley. Fun to broaden my horizons for once!


For my ingredient I received canned lychee in syrup, so I decided to turn the classic pina colada into a lychee colada.
2 oz muddy river coconut Carolina rum (I just eyeballed it)
1 cup coconut milk
1/2 cup coconut water
1 tablespoon lychee syrup from can (add more for sweetness)
handful of lychees from can without syrup
Instructions:  In a blender combine ice (you’ll need enough to make a “smoothie” consistency, and all other ingredients and blend to desired consistency.
Garnish:  Dip rim of glass in lemon juice or lime, in a separate bowl mix sugar in the raw and cinammon and then dip glass rim your sugar mixture.
Pour lychee colada in glass and top with lychee and mint leaf.



I thought I’d give a nod to ‘Among Us’...
This cocktail is called The Impostor, as it is disguising itself as a classic Martini.
The recipe:
2.5oz Mizu Shochu Saga
.5oz Soto Junmai Daiginjo Sake
1 Satsuma peel
Stir Shochu and Sake over ice for 30 seconds, pour into a glass of your liking with no ice. Zest with satsuma peel, garnish glass with said peel.


My secret Santa sent me Yuzu Juice along with some very nice fiber glass chopsticks. With this I made a Yuzu Vodka Collins.
Ingredients:
2oz Vodka (I used Touch Florida Orange)
1oz Yuzo Juice
.5oz simple syrup
Topped off with club soda
Orange slice garnish



For my APPI Secret :santa::skin-tone-2: Challenge I received a jar of yuzu marmalade which inspired three different cocktails with the top two making the final cut here:
First up we have the Mister Choe inspired by Choe Mu-Seon (1325–1395) a medieval Korean scientist, inventor, and military commander during the late Goryeo Dynasty and early Joseon Dynasty. He is best known for enabling Korea to domestically produce gunpowder by obtaining a recipe for the Chinese commodity from a Chinese merchant, as well as inventing various gunpowder-based weapons in an attempt to repel the wokou pirates that plundered coastal regions of the Korean Peninsula.
Ingredients:
1 ½ oz 10-year old Benromach Speyside Single Malt Scotch Whiskey (a nod to @Ian :simple_smile: )
¼ oz Amaro Pasubio
2 oz Oze No Yukidoke Okarakuchi Sake
1 pinch black pepper
1 pinch cinnamon
1 ½ tbsp yuzu marmalade
Add sake, yuzu marmalade, pepper, and cinnamon to blender and pulse three times.  Strain into ice-filled cocktail shaker; add whiskey and amaro; shake well.  Strain into glass and garnish with slice of blood orange.
Second in line is a sweeter holiday libation that is less adventurous but just as satisfying ~ the Yuzu Parfait!
Ingredients:
2 oz Four Roses Small Batch Whiskey
3 barspoons yuzu marmalade
1/3 oz bourbon barrel maple syrup
1 egg white
1 dash fresh lemon juice
Dry shake egg white in cocktail shaker then add ice and remaining ingredients.  Shake vigorously.  Strain into glass and garnish with blood orange slice or sprig of rosemary.  Happy Holidays!!


So, we confused my Secret Santa gift with a Christmas gift from my parents and ended up opening it late last week:sweat_smile: My secret Santa gift was duck sauce! The primary ingredient is “apricots and/or peaches” so I decided to play that up with some delicious apricot liqueur from a grandparent’s liquor cabinet (from 1972)!
Shake & strain:
2 oz gold rum
3/4 oz lemon juice
1/4 oz apricot liquor
1/4 oz duck sauce!


Extremely late (and long :sweat_smile:) secret santa entry, sorry, I wanted to test my drinks on NYE. My secret santa sent me yuzu extract and Hi-Chews as well as a nice little xmas tree ornament (thank you, btw!!). In my quest to invent a palatable drink I also ended up with a few different mostly ok options, which I’ll post here from least to most unhinged.
Whiskey Yuzu
2 oz whiskey
1/2 oz yuzu extract
1 1/2 oz Hi-Chew simple syrup* (to taste)
1 egg white
Add all ingredients to a shaker without ice and dry shake for 10 seconds. Add ice and shake for another 10 seconds. Strain and serve over ice in an old fashioned glass.
Margaritaville University (named after the marketing internship program that Jimmy Buffet runs at an Ozarks resort)
1 1/2 oz mezcal
1/2 oz Cointreau
1/2 oz yuzu extract
1 1/2 oz lime juice
1/2 oz agave nectar (to taste)
Red Hot Riplets seasoning
mango Hi-Chew sugar**
Pre-requisite: Go to grocery store to pick up some Tajin. After trying to explain what Tajin is to an overworked teenager, realize Tajin isn't available at a local Missouri grocery store and opt for Red Hot Riplets powder instead.
Wet the rim of a lowball glass with yuzu extract and coat with a 1:1 mixture of Hi-Chew sugar and Red Hot Riplets seasoning. Combine mezcal, cointreau, yuzu, lime juice, and agave in a shaker with ice and shake. Strain and serve over ice in the Hi-Chew/RHR rimmed glass.
Missouri Lemonade (like a Long Island Iced Tea)
1/2 oz Absolut Citron
1/2 oz Limoncello
1/2 oz Cointreau
1/2 oz Grand Marnier
1/2 oz Triple Sec
1/2 oz grapefruit juice
splash of Regan's Orange Bitters
splash of yuzu extract
Start out trying to make a yuzu lemon drop with the Absolut and yuzu. Dislike the taste and try adding Limoncello to make it a little more lemony. Also dislike that. Raid your parents liquor cabinet for every dusty citrus liqueur you can find. Combine them all in equal amounts in a highball glass with ice. Top with grapefruit juice and splashes of yuzu and orange bitters. Stir with a straw. Eat some Hi-Chews while you drink it.
*Hi-Chew Simple Syrup
Bring 1 cup of water to a boil in a small sauce pot. Add 18 Hi-Chews - I used 8 kiwi, 8 dragon fruit, 1 pineapple, and 1 mango - and stir constantly over med-low heat until completely dissolved. Pour into a glass container and let cool before using in mixed drinks. (Note: this made about 8 oz of syrup)
**Hi-Chew Sugar
Microwave 2-3 Hi-Chews on parchment paper until they melt and become hard (Note: In my ancient 850 watt microwave this took 35-45 seconds. Any shorter and they melt but stay too gummy to crack, any longer they burn badly enough to set off a smoke alarm and make your kitchen smell crazy for 3-4 hours). Place hard candy sheets in a plastic bag and hit with whatever heavy kitchen tool you have on hand until it becomes a similar consistency to rock salt. Store in a dry place and use within a day or so of making (gets too sticky after that).



My Secret Santa gifted me MSG. I am a big fan. It gets a bad rap, especially when used in moderation. MSG, or monosodium glutamate, is bottled Umami. It was fairly recently added to the taste spectrum that formerly consisted of sweet, sour, acid, and bitter. We taste it in our WSET wine class! (Is it someone that took that class?!)  Since cooked meat and mushrooms are classic examples of Umami, they've been incorporated into the cocktail. Umeshu (Japanese plum liqueur) and the citrusy Bombay gin were used to counterbalance the Umami earthiness. This combination required some Extra Dry Vermouth to tie it all together. It didn't work without it.
Ume Umami Martini
2 oz Bombay Sapphire
.5 oz Choya Umeshu
.5 oz Extra Dry Vermouth
Garnish: MSG and soy sauce-marinated top sirloin sliced very thin (rolled up) and Umeshu-pickled Shiitake mushroom.
Rim: Light MSG-beef bouillon coating
Tip: Let the garnish sit in the cocktail for a while. It's actually better despite the sirloin garnish being cold.


Extremely late post! My Secret Santa sent me some delicious Tamarind simple syrup. The syrup was made with cinnamon and clove so my work was half done. (Thank you!) I was lucky enough to receive an abundance of pears from well intentioned family members this year so I decided to make a Tamarind Pear Spritz using homemade pear juice. 
Tamarind Pear Spritz
3/4 oz Tamarind simple syrup 
1 1/2 oz fresh pear juice 
3 oz + Prosecco 
Garnish with cinnamon stick and pear slice
Combine tamarind simple syrup and fresh pear juice in a glass with ice and stir
Strain then top with Prosecco and add garnish
Pear Juice Recipe
2 large peeled pears 
1 3/4 cup water 
1/2 tsp lemon juice 
lemon peel
Bring ingredients to a boil then lower to a simmer for 15 min. Take off heat, cover and cool completely. Blend with an immersion blender then strain. This yields around 1 cup of juice. 


So my Secret Santa send me some Lychee Syrup. I ended up making some Spiked Lychee Bubble/Boba Tea,. I couldn’t find any Tapioca Pearls but did end up finding some Tapioca Flour so got to learn how to make them from scratch. After boiling them, I set them to soak in some Vodka and Food coloring for extra festiveness.
Tapioca Pearls/ Boba
6 Tablespoons Tapioca Flour
2 Tablespoons Hot Water
Rim
Lychee Syrup
Colored Sugar
Food Dye
Milk Tea
2 Tablespoons Lychee Syrup (Honestly Tweak to your preference)
1 oz Vodka (More if you’re daring)
Black Tea ( I used Earl Grey)
Milk
Ice
Now I opted out of sharing measurements for the milk and tea since  I eyeballed it but I think any ratio works, just depends on your preference! Just maybe work on preparing the tea and tapioca pearls(if you’re making from scratch) ahead of time since I ended up making this instead of a real dinner last night, though that did help get a nice buzz :sweat_smile:.




My secret Santa sent me star anise and Sichuan peppercorns - two ingredients in Chinese Five Spice powder, an ingredient I already love! I created a holiday twist on the pina colada, infusing the cream of coconut with the anise, peppercorns, ginger, and lime. Instead of the traditional Pineapple and cherry garnish, I used fresh sugared cranberries.
Spiced Simple Syrup:
 1 can of Cream of Coconut
 2 – ¼” slices of fresh ginger
 1/3 c. Sichuan Peppercorns, lightly crushed
 2 star anise pods
 Zest of 1 lime
 Juice ½ lime
Spiced Pina Colada:
 2 oz. Spice Simple Syrup
 2 oz. White Rum
 1.5 oz Pineapple Juice
Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice. Shake!!! Strain into glass and garnish.
 Garnish – fresh sugared cranberries



